 each system Okay, I'll start meeting. Okay, we've got half an hour for this one. To discuss the functional design. Already the girls. Okay. So hopefully, we'll be working our way. And I've put the moments of the last meeting in the project. So I guess just to recap on what we did last time. Got to ninch of a little bit and got the new equipment and started to discuss a better widely project. You know, cost wise how much money you had to spend. And just want to tell you that we have three new requirements. And which is the first one is that the company has decided that teletext is outdated. Because of popular internet is new users teletext very much anymore. So we don't really need to consider that functionality of the remote control. And they've also suggested that we only use the remote control to control the television. And we see already be here. And I think the worry is that if the project becomes too complex, then it will affect how long it takes us to get into production the time to market. So we're just going to keep it in full and it will just control the TV. And the other thing was that the company wants the corporate color and slogan to be implemented in the lead sign. I'm not entirely sure what the corporate color is. You might be yellow. And the slogan like the actual written slogan or just to embody the idea of the slogan. Well, that's the thing. I'm not sure. Because on the company website. I would just say. In fashion in electron. Yeah, I mean, do they start something they won't actually written like. And or you just the idea that I'm not sure is that something we can discuss as well. So the three things is not to worry about tell effects only control the TV and. And they're incorporated the color and so on of the company. So. So it's okay. You can. But I'm trying to presentation. So you'd like to go first. I love it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm thinking of the. I've got mine on the beach. And I'm thinking of the products. They see what they offer. And I would like to ask you guys. For your ideas. and what we want to offer is anything. Thank you. I've really, really been existing products. I found that I tend to find it to have deep themes. It's a very concrete one, lots of what's color, very unique. You don't know what you're doing. In that case, the relief impact is very bad. It's an exemplar, sure, at the end. So you can try to figure it out. You can see it in the bottom there and there. This one's called, so I found it's perp, you know, perp. And don't let me tell you what it does. I'm not sure if you had one together before, not the example. It's a very simple one. It's got a very big, not very cheap product. It's very hard to access the advantage functions. There's nothing for instance for a small small. My own preferences, I prefer the quantity one. It's very easy to use. And of course it does slide the advantage functions. Which I like, I like having them in the girls. And I believe that the advantage functions you may be hitting the drawer. I'm not sure if I can follow. I have a few preferences. I'm sure I've had one before. I would keep a chat away for a few months or so. I was just kidding. Yeah, a lot of what I've read and prepared for this meeting fits me really closely with what. I could give you some of my personal preferences, but I also add some of this. Which is the kind of marketing. Which is the kind of one. Clunky in what sense, like heavier, larger. I think it's just the same size. But it's got much more. I see as much as basic. Right. Yeah. Sure. Well, I think it's valid point. I mean, like the one on the left, let's quite complicated. And that theology, theology thing is incredibly convenient. So I see why you might prefer a simpler design. But yeah, you do want to design what it does. I'm sure that's the thing I've been doing. That's a good idea. Do you have any functions? There's one on it. So far, I've got an on-off and just a channel up below. One, nothing better. There is the very basic security. And then actual numbers for channels as well. And you see that's how I acquired one or a, but what you said. And then channels. And then you see that. I would say that's required. I mean, there's no way he's going to buy over control. So she can't actually into the digital channels. Anybody disagree with that? And what else? So don't need to worry about tally text. Don't need to worry about the C.R. Any kind of like display controls at all. You think you need to worry about it, but miss and contract. So essentially what we're doing right now is we categorize. And we're saying, well, we want this to be a product that offers all the tricky features. But we want them to be in another area. Is that right? Or we're kind of like sort of, or we actually eliminate things. We just don't want the product to have. I think are you going to be kind of thinking what we have to have on what we're doing? Just start with the end. You find that exactly how to have that. Not that we're going to use. Okay. Right. Well, do you want to maybe just at this point, side in what we absolutely must have as a function of it? So so far, just to recap, we've got. One general. Right. Okay. Well, one one way I would look at this. I think that we approach the different controls in terms of. Like control types so that the user is very clear what they want to do where they go. And also think maybe a little bit of what we just want to be easily accessible. For example, if we had audio controls, those could be some people set up very rare. Maybe they're there. They're in a little area covered up. Things like channel and volume. Are used all the time. So we just have them right out on top. Very just very stuff that's fine. So maybe we need to think about having. Three or more groupings of controls, you know, one which are just the. The habitual one should be right within your natural grip. Others that are. And also available. Others that are concealed. Okay. And we're just to. To. And. And. I think maybe that. And. Essentially. And then maybe just think it will be nice. So you will be thinking like what do you say something. Just like that. Maybe. Any. Any. You. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Sure. And. And. Sure. And. Can this. Can this reach. Can this plug come off? So. Why don't I just. Pick up. Yeah. I just. I just. Yeah. You. Can you go behind me. This is. I'm not in the right place. Okay. Wow. So I can say already, I don't know if this is for good or for bad, there'll be a lot of redundancy and the issues. I think, yeah. It's not necessarily bad thing, but what I've already started doing is I created a slide and my position has to, so that we kind of think of what's the community or the fact of what we've taken from your ideas in the mind, because certainly I'm a hard time separating things from things. Obviously, you just told me, or you just told me impacts a lot on one, like marked research. So how do I, how do you function f8? Okay. Okay. Right. So, function in the blue button. Oh, and you have to push it together. Okay. Okay. Try again. Again. Okay. Okay. Just before I bring this up, what I'll just say is what I've done is try to collect some information to that I can relate us to you guys that it's now becomes a collective thing. And then kind of read us in the direction of deciding what our option is. What should be the side? You know, I mean, so. Okay. Okay. All right. Okay. So that makes sense. What I basically got is I just looked at this information and sort of trying to think about how we can review it. Now we can want that in a decision we could take away from it. And then maybe by the end of just looking at some of these things, we can think about what are our priorities. And certainly there's lots of different information. So thinking here about primarily about customer needs that we start with the customer. What they want and what are issues with existing products. Think about trends and also about trying to connect that is to see what the company vision, which is about fashion and our trunks. And then as this year, we'd like to prioritize our design features from this. Okay. So this is what I found here. A lot of this to me. So we'll just be two together. You just dislike the looking for control. So find them ugly. Most people find them ugly. The vast majority would spend more money for to look fancy as well. We'll see later. The vast majority of people would spend more money for. We'll just be able to look at that in a second. Most people use only a very slim portion of all the controls. So I guess what we're looking at here is people want this technology. They tend to use the most simple controls. And overall, they find remote controls to be something they don't. It doesn't really feel to them. So I think what we're doing is trying to take like for me this is sort of like three different. Different. Inspiration. So one is that we want to see that it's high tech that we want. It seemed easy. And in spite of the primitive side of it, from the very high tech side, we want to just be in a field piece of equipment and people's head. Prostrations. They get lost a lot as it came up in our last meeting. Takes time to learn how to use them. This is why I mentioned Craig was showing us some ideas that we. Actually trying group control. So it doesn't just look like a big panel kind of like a need. You look at, you know, a new computer keyboard or something that it's quite explanatory. If you want audio, if you want visual. We have those. And I would admit I don't know RSI stands for. Is installing. No, that did not come up. So here's another. A review here. Most people would. At least we pay more voice recognition now. Apparently we do have access to all the tech. I think technology remote control. So I don't know if that's possible. We might consider getting into it. And again here as we sort of move. Things are thinking about how we want to sell and market this. I think a recurring thing here is the company wants to be. Want us to make something special. Well, we're trying to meet people. Additionally are are liking the. Here's of their products. So we want to think about as we take all the sort of techy features. How we can. Put that into a unit which is. Which people like. They like the aesthetics and ergonomics. So. Yeah. So you know just looking at what Craig. Craig's ideas. So tell me that we want to do is try and. Separate the different things we want to include in this. If we do say well we want that to be all the technology. What we try and make that almost be like optional technology. You know it's like. I find a lot of TVs these days. They're really nice. But if you want to just turn them on and off. They're a little panel. Do you click and there's just like. How many of the features you go through. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's. That's sort of. But I. And my hope here is that I'm putting out this information. We can then say okay well how do we collectively move on. I haven't brought out one specific marketing idea. Although my sense is that what we should try and think about is. What are the current trends in materials and shapes and styles. And then use that but not let that. Confine us. Technology. All right. Any comments on all of that. And one thing that we have to. And. These are our target. And so. We'll be honest with you. There's a lot of things that. It's good. It's easy to use but has it was very positive. Public Trevor. Who do we really want to. Okay. Where's the money. Yeah. Do you have money? Then. What. 25 years. 25 years. I. Not. Not. Not much. That. But you want. It's not going to just. You've got the cost. I guess. She. I don't. So. I think it'll be. The mid-range. The high end market. That's. The focus. 25. EUR. How much. That. Is that too. Is that a lot of money to buy an extra remote. That's my remote. Right. So. Maybe not the high end. But maybe. Middle. Middle. Upish. Kind of. You know how much. I don't know. I guess you pay what. 10. Like a simple replacement. I mean, if you lost your remote, the first thing you want to go. Yeah. This kind of touches on your comments today. But these are the age groups which we have information on. These are. This is a table of what people would pay more for a certain feature. Just give us a rough idea of where the will to spend money on TV equipment is. Mostly focused around the 25 age groups. So you think we're. Any. Are you young? Yeah. Sort of young professional. Yeah. Do you think. And. What's recognition something you should really say. Well, you don't say it was the adults that were. It does. It does fit with the market. It's sort of identifying. So. I think we already have. I said that. Okay. I'm getting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So. Yeah. So. And anybody. Anything. And. Young. Like. We're. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. 25 to 35. I think. I think. I think. It's. It's. It's fairly. Because. Yeah. That's more than half your group. But. At least try and use. Yeah. I think. 15 or 35. 30. Yeah. I think. Perhaps. I think. Perhaps that age group. It's. Well. Those are people who. Use. A. Who are familiar with it. If you're. but now would not be so dependent on the lack of computer or mobile phone. So these are people who are gadget or growing up used to you know in schools. We got to do that work for us. So it's not always so much. So so it's a vision, actually it's such a question. I think one thing we should try not to avoid is not to say we have to use speech recognition right now. Because based on what you everybody is saying, you want something simple. You want basic stuff. You want speech recognition right up to the simplest. Right. Somebody that you couldn't be an on-off thing. But what I'm saying is that we're kind of lock ourselves into a particular technology rather than focusing on exactly what other people are doing. So what are the features that we're going to say and then you know say speech recognition is good for this speech recognition. It's not good for this. Maybe we should I suggest that we think about speech recognition. It's an area that is something that can be used for field of function. But you know the day we don't look at the technology but we'll get the function first. So what do you want to do to see if I can get it? Sure. I think you can get ideas about how to do it. Yeah. Well, you get ideas out while they're refreshing mine. Yeah. So what is the first thing about speech recognition? The first thing that we do is we make it a speech recognition. That the community is good and maybe we're good at speech recognition. Yeah. I'm not losing also it helps in terms of people not losing this. You know they're saying all it and you use it in the couch. It's like we're kind of what we're sort of getting into here is making different design features together. I'm going to call these teachers and let you see one in the weeks. And they know there's enough work to get used to getting up beyond people. I really see what we're doing. Maybe we're not sitting up to the very end. I'm just talking quite strange. Yeah. Well, this is just the working thing. Well, this is just how I would go about it. I guess I tried to define what we're trying to get that. I think in a practical way, we kind of know what it is. We used it with the middle wheel. We have a narrow down exactly what the things we're trying to fulfill. Designed the basics. I think back in the back of our minds, we know what basics are. It's a K channel. There's two points. But in like specifics, which one of the basics are you trying to tell me? Are there a sort of parts of the basics that are more important? That's important in the basics. And I just, the idea is just to get everybody to... I usually have a design that's as a basic. So, you know, things that just start every single... But I guess everybody does have some of the basic things. Okay, this finding thing is a little bit confusing. So I'll go to the diagram. It just explains how the process goes through from the basic technology. You might be the basic steps that you need in the diagram. This slide probably works better. Okay, you need some power source. Get batteries. Keep it going. And that power source is important because it ties you down to how long the device will last. I mean, ties you down perhaps a bit later on in terms of the technologies. How far you can transmit the thing for the complexity of the functions that you want. Like, for example, voice recognition, right? That might be constrained because that you might need the power microphone when you power those things. So that's one that's constrained there. Okay, the basic thing is, as a user interface, where people punch a button, talk it through it, or smile through it, you can get their eyes, whatever. And that picks up and then puts them in the user. A series of logic is to decide what the user is telling the device. Because the device has to, you know, based on push button A. I will do something when you, maybe when they are able to be able to send the same power to the device itself, which is you see that there. And I think that's it. It's my design. It's fairly general. And I guess the purpose of this is also not to restrict you in the way you're thinking like voice recognition. If it's something which is important, then we just add more power that having you think that you don't have power. So it's not really constrained. But these are functionally based function. So I guess the rest of it, I think we should maybe you want to go back to what functions are. I think that's more relevant to this session. Do you do the texture? Yeah, what I'm done. Yeah. Oh, it's just putting the rest of it in the words, but essentially, you have the transmitter and putting it by a logichord. I like on the. This is just. It's one of the top of the technology. Are there any like what are our options? What's what is this the only way that we've got about it? These aren't technology options in essence. This is just basic principles and basic components that are needed. For example, if you needed to add a voice recognition, right, then you use it in this. We'll just look at that to work with the right which you have a microphone, the R. So each component represents one function. But I think the basic functions are logic, transmitter and the receiver. Okay, and the power are things that you won't have to care about. And those are things that based on what you're using, if it requires, you can add one function. There might be one other consideration which would be the transmission between the remote control and the TV, for example. Okay. So you're going to restrict ourselves to using the traditional technology. So I think because that's something you need to actually use 3.2. Right? Well, what I like about the rest of the new requirements is that it can make us feel complex. It can be a fact that I don't want to get spotted. So I think this fact might be that I used to consider our creative influence on the research. I think it's quite a huge variety of things. And it's right in the next two minutes. There might be one other problem with the transmission. In particular right now since we're talking about voice recognition. If somebody's going to talk to the device you ideally want to use it. You may not require that, but you know, it's something very natural, I guess. You know, to hold it, to signal to the user, push it by the need to start talking about it. Then you need to send the signal out. So you see we're using infrared in the line of sight. See the TVs at their chair, and I'm standing in front here and transferring the signal. They're blocked. So in that sense, there's not really a restriction. But I think much you may have to put it later on in the first place. And just the clarification, which is our controller. So we have the option to be on a standard frequency is all of the other equipment. So that one controller. There's not much specific information, but I think that one indication of infrared means that you're just targeting traditional devices. Because infrared is a thing. So if you use front, it's fast. Just so you can see. So you know, it's only for this power. And it's worth considering that from the start, you need that to be described as a large unit. And you got from here. There's, okay, from a component point of view, there's added complexity. You add cost to it. And then there's probably a fact that you need an other physical component. You need docking credit. You put it in the charge. You need to get the user's budget. And most users already use the value of buying batteries into your controller. Unless the controller is going to consume a lot of batteries. It's going to run through like 20 batteries a month. And I don't think they charge votes for finishing. You can move in. Can you help out? Right. So this is the, I'm just going to just recap. I'll start with it. And the little questions to absolutely finalize. We look at it and we've got. Exactly. So just to recap on. We're all happy about the idea of. In product. The 50, 35. And also the actual functions. I think you say it's going to be a bit difficult. On off. Don't channel something. And skip the channel. And is it going to include any of the. More events. So we have to eliminate. And I think we can use. Is it is it's not an option still that we include some things as a sort of. Under the door. So what I'd be a bit worried about is if someone was. Previously developed habits of expecting to control certain sound. With their controller. And then they. You know, they get ours and it doesn't have that. You know, something. And I think that you're saying about categorizing. Maybe I could suggest we break them down three. One will be audio controls. One will be video controls. You can get on the device. This may not match very well to. But I think that. From a manufacturer's point of view. Yeah. Designed with vice, but I think. From a point of view of the person using it by. You know, TV is something they see and something they hear. And it's something they do other things to. Right. What we could have like three buckets. We could throw some. Like. Yeah. Yeah. And then from there, the side is basic. This is. And I think that. I think that. It might help. The visual. And it would actually help. With the. But. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. And. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. You know, I do. Just. So. And I'm just just to ask not to go out and ask you a question. And start with the question. Yeah, just I just wanted to ask then before we wrap up, should we agree for sake of sort of clarity and when we resume that we'll use this idea, games, proposal, we think these two sort of buttons. Anything we discuss about them is sort of, okay, we're talking about this. Should we do that? Yeah. Okay. Just about the, about some ongoing, the device group, things like on-off, because they don't have anything to do with what you see. I mean, in terms of picture and entertainment value. You know, so, in channel. In channel. Because the on-off also goes, you know, on-off, like how, not on-off sound, or on-off video. You know, on your TV, but you might want to, you know, turn off the sound, say you want to pick up for the mute button. So, you have, you have a choice to put it on to others, or a device. Device, basically, anything which we can't categorize. Anything you have, or you, just like, just like, something, something. Anything to do with what you hear, or you put that into others. And the video is anything that you can see. This is right. Yeah. And then, actually, like, something that you want to share. Okay. And then, I suppose quite likely what happened is, you know, the device category, there might be some of them, just like, a bit slow, standard, and others which are maybe, like random, which we have, rather, they push it up. We needed some of them. Even, even if it doesn't matter, clearly what happens is that people at least have some, you know, mine, it's easy to use. I think that's what we're doing. And I guess from the corner part, you see, you need to do as well, because it's like, based on, okay. So, yeah, yes. But, I'm going to look at it because if we were, we're, you know, starting with that, something that you can, correct, but, you know, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, yeah. And we need to go and find out what we picked up the lunch today. Yeah. We can see that they are super smokey. Don't let it take a moment of light to shut down each and every remaining person is comfortable Let it go. you you you