=== TOPIC ANALYSIS FOR: 1017 ===

Total Sentences: 259 | Detected Topics: 6


🔹 TOPIC 1:  William Uri: The secret to peace is us who act as a surrounding community around any conflict . Uri: "I basically see humanity a bit like those three brothers. We're all one family" Uri: How do we deal with our differences?
   (Starts with: " 10 Talks to Recorded Live at the Ted Conference and Partner Events. This episode features conflict negotiator and author William Uri. This talk contains powerful visuals. Download the video at Ted.co...")


🔹 TOPIC 2:  There's always a third side of conflict: the surrounding community, the friends, the allies, the family members, the neighbors . The role of the third side is to remind the parties of what's really at stake . The third side helps us go to the balcony, which is a metaphor for a place of perspective where we can keep our eyes on the prize .
   (Starts with: "That system, I call the third side. Because if you think about it, normally, when we think of conflict, when we describe it, there's always two sides. You know, it's Arabs, or it's Israelis, labor, or...")


🔹 TOPIC 3:  Anthropologist: As an anthropologist, walking is what made us human. Walking, it's funny. When you walk, you walk side by side in the same common direction . Thousands of people have begun to walk parts of the path of Abraham in the Middle East, enjoying the hospitality of the people there .
   (Starts with: "How would you do that? And that was my thinking of, how would you do that? And that's what comes to the first step here. Because the simple way to do that is you go for a walk. You go for a walk in th...")


🔹 TOPIC 4:  There are literally hundreds of those kind of communities across the Middle East, across the path . The potential is basically to change the game, says CNN's John Sutter . The Abraham path is a game changer, he says . It's not just about psychology, it's about economics .
   (Starts with: "And so that's what it's about. But it's not just about psychology. It's about economics. Because as people walk, they spend money. This woman right here, Umachmad, is a woman who lives on the path in ...")


🔹 TOPIC 5:  Just go up to someone who's from a different culture, a different country and a different ethnicity, and engage them in a conversation, listen to them. That's a third side act. It was done in Northern Ireland. It could be done anywhere. It simply depends on us taking the third side .
   (Starts with: "It was done in Northern Ireland. It could be done anywhere. It simply depends on us. It depends on us taking the third side. So let me invite you to consider taking the third side. Even as a very smal...")


🔹 TOPIC 6:  William Urie recorded at TEDx Midwest in Chicago, Illinois, October 2010 . Urie: Each of us, with a single step, can bring the world a step closer to peace . There's an old African proverb that goes, when spider webs unite, they can halt even the lion .
   (Starts with: "One is the secret to peace is the third side. The third side is us. Each of us, with a single step, can take the world, can bring the world a step closer to peace. There's an old African proverb that ...")
